# Teletype-Pre-Work-Part-1
This project supplies prospective students with a prototype (also known as a mock-up) to recreate from the ground up using only HTML5 and CSS.  There are hints regarding fonts and colors that can be found in the comments of the stylesheet.css file, but the main objective is to recreate the prototype in the simplest way possible.  We only want to see how closely the structural content and visual design can be matched at this time.  The buttons DO NOT need to be functional.  It is okay to use Grid or Flexbox, however, DO NOT use Bootstrap.  Make sure to use structurally correct HTML5 tags and try to focus on using classes to affect styling.  Try not to overuse div elements, id attributes, or !important.  You will have 24 hours to complete this assignment.  We will contact you to schedule a time to talk through the second part of the Teletype interviews once this portion is successfully completed.     

# Applicant Notes - by Karen Kepner

I did not have access to the font used in the example, so I found a similar font available for free on Google Fonts and connected it to the HTML file. I left the rooney-web and rooney-sans fonts in the CSS file so that they will be used if available. My google font will load if the rooney font isn't available.

I built this html so that it would scale and you could put many instances of the section with the class="project" on one page using CSS grid. So, I used some more specific selectors (classes and id's instead of element selectors) in my css.